MPAM branch snapshot: v6.0

This snapshot exists to give the full context for any x86 resctrl changes.

MPAM spec:
https://developer.arm.com/docs/ddi0598/latest

The DT binding is a draft. This is very likely to change before the code is
merged by mainline.
All this code is likely to change before the code is merged by mainline.
Patches marked 'untested' are just that.


Only features that match what resctrl already supports are supported.
This is very deliberate.

If there are no monitors on the L3 cache, then resctrl will report that
there are no monitors, even though there may be some on the 'next' resource.

How these get exposed via resctrl is visible to user-space. If a new schema
for the 'next' resource is created, the monitors should live there.

Until this code is merged by mainline, we should rigidly stick to the user-space
interface as it is supported by Intel RDT. This is the only way to ensure
user-space code remains portable.

Once the code is merged, adding support for the missing pieces, and how
this impacts user-space can be discussed.


ABI PROBLEMS:
 * RMIDs.
   These are an independent number space for RDT. For MPAM they are an
   extension of the partid/closid space. There is no value that can be
   exposed to user-space as num_rmid as it depends on how they will be
   used.

 * Monitors.
   RDT has one counter per RMID, they run continuously. MPAM advertises
   how many monitors it has, which is very likely to be fewer than we
   want. This means MPAM can't expose the free-runing MBM_* counters
   via the filesystem. These would need exposing via perf.

 * Bitmaps.
   MPAM has some bitmaps, but it has other stuff too. Forcing the bitmaps
   to be the user-space interface requires the underlying control to be
   capable of isolation. Ideally user-space would set a priority/cost for
   each rdtgroup, and indicate whether they should be isolated from other
   rdtgroup at the same level.


KNOWN ISSUES:
 * The PCC support is incomplete and untested.

 * The PMU support is a bit rough, the x86 code isn't quite correct. The PMU
   code should run on the CPU that handeles the resctrl overflow.

 * Exclusive reservations don't work as they overlap with devices.
   This in turn is because we don't have GIC/SMMU support yet, and these
   will continue to use partid=0.

 * partid=0 should be reserved for the unknown hardware, not reserved for the
   resctrl default, which we let user-space play with it. This also affects
   the kernel, which is not (currently) the intention.

 * ACPI's 'functional dependencies' are not yet supported.

 * scaling of counters is not implemented

 * overflow of counters is not yet supported

 * driver unload has not been tested
